the Nikon 1 j2 happens to be my favorite
small camera on the market today it's
because the camera is so flexible and
it's so robust you can use this camera
for corporate events family functions
shoot your kids soccer game and you can
take it on a trip that you can shoot
photos for your brochure your company's
website and you're going to get stunning
photos and great 1080p full-hd video now
the camera represent the second
generation in a new revolution in
digital photography and that is
mirrorless shooting now this camera acts
a lot like a DSLR camera it has a lot of
the control of a DSLR and you can use
interchangeable lenses just like a DSLR
camera but unlike your traditional DSLR
camera it doesn't have a mirror there
you shoot right onto the merit here you
shoot right onto the camera sensor that
allows two things the camera to act more
like a computer and give you a slew of
great features and number two it allows
the camera to be much smaller and
slimmer and profile and have a much
smaller footprint the camera comes in
different kits can pick different lenses
in those kits you can go from a 10 to 30
millimeter zoom lens to a 30 to one 10
millimeter zoom lens and my favorite is
the pancake ten millimeter lens which
doesn't have a zoom which shoots really
sharp photos now these lenses are great
but you can also buy an adapter for the
camera that allows you to put on regular
Nikon glass it's perfect for
professionals and also great for
amateurs if you're a professional you
can now use this as backup here's the
thing imagine putting a 50 millimeter
one-point-four aperture lens on this
camera
oh the pictures are stunning look at
these photos and because the camera has
a crop sensor which is smaller than your
traditional DSLR camera it extends the
zoom range and gives you a much larger
range if you put a big zoom lens on this
camera has a ton of other features
including time-lapse photography you do
timed photography you can do slow motion
video it does smart pick it will take a
bunch of pictures and
pick out which picture it thinks is best
you can see it with the continuous
shutter action here as I press the
shutter down it'll just keep taking
photos that allows you to do several
frames per second the greatest feature
of this camera is that you can shoot
photos and some video going back and
forth immediately and you can do both in
automatic or fully manual you can have
full control over your aperture ISO and
your shutter speed and so you can really
be created with this camera and taking
remarkable pictures it'll shoot raw
it'll shoot JPEG and it'll shoot all day
long on a 32 gig card and the battery
lasts just as long as the card does so I
highly recommend the Nikon 1 j2 for
anybody out there who wants a camera is
a reasonable price and it's a lot of fun
take it on your next trip
adoramatv is brought to you by Adorama
your best source for the equipment and
knowledge you need for all the latest
photography video and computer gear
visit adorama.com place your order by
7:00 p.m. and it ships the same day plus
the next time you're in new york city be
sure to visit our store located on 18th
Street between 5th and 6th Avenue check
out the Adorama rental company for
professional cameras lighting computers
and more we'll help you make the best
selection to match your needs
while giving you the knowledge to
achieve the best outcome from your
rental Adorama is your complete solution
for equipment printing training and more
Adorama more than a camera store